g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.exe
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.deps.json
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.runtimeconfig.json
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.pdb
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\Azure.Core.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\Azure.Storage.Blobs.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\Azure.Storage.Common.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.ClientModel.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IO.Hashing.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.AssemblyInfo.cs
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArch.27EFEFA6.Up2Date
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\DataArchivalSystem.dll
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.pdb
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\DataArchivalSystem.genruntimeconfig.cache
g:\source\repos\Azure\Azure Blob Storage Practice\DataArchivalSystem\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\DataArchivalSystem.dll
